OOP

Santa Factory
You are going to create a Santa's Toy Factory and help Santa bring the remaining toys to the poor children.

Toy
It has cost, color and owner.
When a toy is produced the owner should be null.
Note: the owner will be assigned later by Santa

Doll
It costs 25 and each of them could have different color. The color must be set at creation.

DottedBall
It costs 10, and each of them could have different color and size. Both of them must be set at creation.

JumpingRope
It costs 15, and each of them could have different color and size. Both of them must be set at creation.

Toy Factory
It has a balance: 200 by default.

It has a produce(color, size) method where you can produce a Toy.
The Toy can be of any type which has size (choose randomly).
It shall return a toy if there is sufficient money for it.
Otherwise return null.
Update the balance accordingly.

It has a produce(color) method where you can produce a Doll.
It shall return a Doll only if there is sufficient money for it.
Otherwise return null.
Update the balance accordingly.

Santa
It has a bag as a list of toys.
It has a children list with names. This list represents all children in the word.
It has an addToyToBag(color, size) method which calls any of the the Santa factory's produce method randomly.
When the one parameter produce() version is called, ignore the size parameter.

It has a bringToChildren() method which
Takes a list with the names of children e.g.: Lacika, Sanyika. This list represents the children
who gets presents when the method is called (this is a sub list of the children list). Imagine that
Santa can transfer a limited amount of toys in one round.
Santa brings the toys to the children until the bag is not empty or there are no more children left.
***There is a typo in the OOP exercise. It should say: Santa brings the toys to the children until the
bag *is empty* or there are no more children left.
When a toy is being delivered, it gets its owner (a random children name from the parameter list).
The owner should be removed from both of the children lists and the toy should be removed from the bag too.